README.md, before:

# Markov-Literature

Creates a Markov model of words from text documents.

###INPUT

  Text document.  

###PROCESSING

1. Parse the text file and clean it of any special characters and deal only with the words.

2. Create a Markov Model from the words.  For each word we want to know the frequency of each following word (1 word deep) in the entire text.  
>For example, the word "apple" in a given text will be found to have the words "in", "was", "will", and "master" following it.  We find that "in" followed the word "apple" 3 times.  We find "was" follows 2 times, "will" follows 4 times, and "master" follows 1 time.  So, of the words that follow we have about a 30% change of "in", 20% of "was", 40% of "will", and 10% of "master".  

3. Build our chain.  Using our model we initially select a word at random and continue selecting words for an arbitrary amount of time (currently hard-coded at 50 words).  The next word selected is chosen at random from the weighted distrobution provided by the model.

### OUTPUT

After the chain of words has been created the words are ouput to stdout.  

Imports: numpy, sys, random

For the examples contained I took a pdf of 'The Old Man and the Sea' by Ernest Hemingway and 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" by Ken Kesey and copy/pasted the content into a text file.  The text file was placed in the directory 'inputs/' and our application 'markov.py' has a variable 'filename' that contains the name of the file to read.  Output goes to stdout.  The output files in the directory 'outputs/' were created with CLI redirection.

Commit message:

Updates to Inputs and Readme
Added 'trumpspeeches' file to inputs folder containing Donald Trump's
*2016 nomination acceptance speech, his *2016 speech on immigration in
AZ and his *2015 presidential announcement. Minor updates to README.

README.md, after:

# Markov-Literature

Creates a Markov model of words from text documents.

Requires python (known to work with v2.7)
Requires numpy

###INPUT

  Text document.  

###PROCESSING

1. Parse the text file and clean it of any special characters and deal only with the words.

2. Create a Markov Model from the words.  For each word we want to know the frequency of each following word (1 word deep) in the entire text.  
>For example, the word "apple" in a given text will be found to have the words "in", "was", "will", and "master" following it.  We find that "in" followed the word "apple" 3 times.  We find "was" follows 2 times, "will" follows 4 times, and "master" follows 1 time.  So, of the words that follow we have about a 30% change of "in", 20% of "was", 40% of "will", and 10% of "master".  

3. Build our chain.  Using our model we initially select a word at random and continue selecting words for an arbitrary amount of time (currently hard-coded at 50 words).  The next word selected is chosen at random from the weighted distrobution provided by the model.

### OUTPUT

After the chain of words has been created the words are ouput to stdout.  To save the output to a file issue a redirect command from the command line to redirect the output from stdout to a filename. To increase the length of the output (markov chain) change the loop variable in the code, method: processChain.

Imports: numpy, sys, random

For the examples contained I took a pdf of 'The Old Man and the Sea' by Ernest Hemingway and 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" by Ken Kesey and copy/pasted the content into a text file.  The text file was placed in the directory 'inputs/' and our application 'markov.py' has a variable 'filename' that contains the name of the file to read.  Output goes to stdout.  The output files in the directory 'outputs/' were created with CLI redirection.
